# DATA_SPARK
AIM OF THE PROJECT =
The aim of this project is to conduct a comprehensive Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) of Global Electronics customer data, product data , sales data and store data to uncover valuable insights that will enhance customer satisfaction and drive business growth. And also the Project Motive include to do Marketing Strategies, Improve Sales, Developing Better Products,Plan Effective Promotions,Optimize Inventory Management. The ultimate goal is to provide actionable recommendations that will increase customer satisfaction and contribute to the overall growth of Global Electronics.
PROJECT STEPS = 
First we need to do Data Cleaning  Processand Preparation. For that we need to read the csv file. After this we need to check there is any Null Value is there for that me assigned one function (def null_value_imputer(df_customers)) null value imputer.In this function first the missing value is 80% and above it will totaly drop the column. Imputing missing values for Numeric Columns if the column containing the Numeric Values.If the skewness is low (between -0.4 and 0.4), missing values are filled with the Mean of the column.If the skewness is high (outside the range of -0.4 to 0.4), missing values are filled with the Median.Imputing missing values for categorical Columns if the column contains Categoric.For non-numeric (categorical) columns, missing values are filled with the most frequent value Mode.Need to call the function and then need to check any Null Values is there.Need to check any Duplicate value is there if any need to remove.Need to Check and Change the Column Name if Improper any.And then need to change the Data Types if anything is Improper.Once Cleaning the Data we need to store in csv file. 
Likewise same things need to Clean all the Data for Sales,Products,Store and Exchange_rates.
After that we need to Create One Database for all the Data by using Different Tables.For that need to import pymysql.Need to execute the Cursor Connection. And then need to create Database name called 'Data'.


